# 2018-11-05
06:46 @ home
It's good to sit in silence. To have quiet. This is important, to be able to sit and listen and hear the inner voice.

Today the inner voice whispers to me that I have the soul of a teacher. That I want to help people be great learners. That I seek to help them be all they can be in the world. To develop and express their potential, and to enjoy it, and to marvel in the adventure of life. OT get the most out of their life, the precious time they have on this planet in their current form.

It is a high consciousness. It is a pathway of consciousness and helping myself and others to evolve. And guiding using that, creating structure for that development. Guiding and leading people on that fulfilling, expansive journey.

What is the change I seek to make? I want people to see their work as the platform for this growth. To seize the opportunity that it is to get up and work on themselves each day, to evolve themselves. And that work can be a vehicle for self-growth and expression.

That is independent of any business model or industry.

What else do I have to teach? To work with life and the planet, to tread lightly upon it. Sustainable product designers might be an SVA.

My goal is to ultimately change how work itself works. And how we view business, what it can be, what it's for. To have people see it as a DDO + small giants + B-corp. That's how I think business should be. That's what a great business looks like.

Small giants. Those are the managers I seek to impact. Managers of "small giants" companies, companies that seek greatness instead of scale. And I seek to impact workers more broadly and the way they view their work.

So my personal blog and writing is to help people get the most out of their work life. Well, to become great learners and get the most out of their lives, by using work as a primary development vehicle. And to become leaders and all they can be, to see, to learn, to grow. Cultivating mindsets and ability to drive change, to be the catalysts they want to be.

That's my message as best I can see. It's grounded in a love for  people and a wonderment in what they can be and become. A love for possibility. My whole life is a love affair with possibility.

So I will do this under my name because I don't know if the name of a given company will change or shift or stop being the right vehicle to my goal. Same idea as why Tom Bilyeu did his YouTube channel under his name not Impact Theory.

OK, so that's the message I seek. I'm exploring and discvoegin what's possible so that people can express their potential and marvel in the adventure of life. Living my why, and teaching through content. On my blog and podcast. Great.

So the change I want to make is in how work works, and how we approach work. What about building tools to facilitate DDOs?

I want to help small giants managers/company leaders in/around Los Angeles. That is the first SVA I will pick.

They are company leaders who self-identify with small giants, B-corps, and DDOs. Managers and leaders who are working to create a developmental environment for their companies.

Could I also serve this message and change by working on other SVAs, other products? Sure, especially because ultimately I am going to use the companies I build as case studies. So the companies I am going to build are going to be DDO companies.

DDO + small giant + b-corp + distributed

I think that's the future of work. I am interested and playing ultimately in the future of work space. What work is, what it can be, what it's for. That's clearly a space that matters to me. That matters to me, as does the future of the planet and the health of the planet.

Could I do this work via an environmental business? Yes.

One thing is that no matter what, my companies will be DDOs and small giants.

some ideas:
- regenerative products tooling -> tools to help product designers make regenerative products that help us all
- DDO tooling / support product
- products targeting specific environmental solutions
- ways of helping scientists
- tools to enable the future of work:{purposeful, DDO

But, again, looking for an SVA. Small, and viable, and eager to be reached as an audience.

My personal content will be on DDOs and future of work, using my work and others as case studies. Examples of how work can be more purposeful, how people can be better managers, leaders, developers of their own potential.

So many fun things that I will get to build with people! This is wonderful and I am really grateful. I can do all of these, I just can't do them all at once.

I spoke to my fear last night, and I speak to it again this morning: Thank you for always seeking to protect me. I know you're afraid of us getting stuck in something that we don't like, that doesn't fit us. But nothing bad is going to happen if we run some experiments and try out some SVAs. I know you're afraid of committing to something and then what people might say if we later go in a different direction. But we've been through that before, and it's OK. Life is growth, so it's inevitable that things will shift and change. And our people, the people who matter to us, they get that. They are supportive of that. And, if we want to move on to something else but don't want to have what we've been working on stop, we'll put teams and structures in place to handle it and keep it going. So it's all going to be OK. You can stay in the room, stay with me, keep pointing me to what's next. You are always welcome to stay and be with me, because you always come from good intention. But I will make the calls, and the call is that we are going to go work on this SVA and try it out and see what we see. See what we can learn. It's just an experiment, just practice, because there will be more projects and ventures later. So this is just practice and learning for the next one, and the one after that, and the one after that... =)

OK, so with that said, here are some ideas for SVAs to explore:
- leaders / managers of "small giant" companies
- leaders / managers of B-corps + DDOs
- managers cultivating a DDO environment
- minimalist travelers
- product managers and designers working on creating sustainable products -> this one speaks to me also and I have a leg up here
- managers of remote teams

I want to help bring about what I believe is the future of work: purposeful, right-sized, location independent, developmental.

Small, viable, audience.

I have a leg up on the sustainable products designers/managers thing. I am one of those, I have done that work, worked on real stuff, so I can say something about that. And that fits into my overall model.

So that is a list of SVAs I can go explore and test. Are they willing to pay for something? What is their challenge?

The change I seek to make is a fundamental shift in how people view their work, what it's for. I want them to see their work as a place they go to develop and express who they are, in service of something greater than themselves. Which is growth + service, which to me is the equation for fulfillment. This is about helping people to take agency of their lives and to grow and be great learners, to develop skills and themselves and be of service to things greater than themselves, and to become more and more alive, passionate, and fulfilled each day through the work they do. Work defined more broadly, not just as in what's in the office. "Work" being what we do in our careers and vocation, backed by a broader definition of being any productive or purposeful activity.

So there are a few parts to that:
- self development & growth
- self expression
- skills
- passion
- mindset
- service
- fulfillment
- purpose
- being globally connected & aware
- exploring the world & marveling at life

That is about a lifestyle of connection, being a global citizen, being thoughtful, developing and expressing your potential in service of things greater than yourself, of always learning, growing, connecting, and serving. That is a brand, not just a product.

Making the SVAs smaller—I can constrain to the LA area because I live here, and it's a big enough / diverse enough place that very likely there is someone representing everything here. So, with the LA area constraint on the experiment (for now):
- managers of DDOs / small giant companies
- product designers / product managers of sustainable products
- company leaders trying to cultivate a DDO environment
- managers of remote teams

---

What ties all of these together? What umbrella encompasses both the manager of DDO/small giants, and the sustainable product designer?

- developing & expressing your potential
- growth, interconnection, service
    - ?: mastery x interconnection = service ?
- interconnection as fundamental principle (all things, people & planet)
- being a purposeful & passionate citizen of the earth
- elevating consciousness: awareness, connection to, and service of something greater than self (purpose, interconnection w all things, planet, humanity)
- growth, passion, fulfillment (fulfillment = growth x service)

Service to things greater than yourself is the logical and obvious next step following awareness of it, coupled with skill development. If you are aware of it, and you are developing skills, then the next obvious step is to use those skills to serve that which you are a part of and connected to.

So it's really targeting an elevation in consciousness for all parties involved, and being evolved with each other. A more enlightened and values driven way to do this.

So I can do this in business AND teach others to do it too.

OK, cool.

So, product / audience ideas:
- serve managers who are trying to bring about DDOs / small giants
- sustainable product creators & supply chain
- designers of sustainable and human-friendly spaces (eg WELL standard)
- managers of remote teams
- minimalist travelers
- L&D managers


Basically I'm trying to help the world of business evolve to recognize and act in accordance with the fundamental truths of interconnection and growth. That we are all connected.

Everything is an expression of that. An

I'm reminded of the conscious personal growth ideas of Steve Pavlina here. It's trying to bring that consciousness into business.

Conscious business is part of this. For sure.

The fundamental principles here are awareness, interconnection (leads to service), growth, passion.

Yes, all of this is trying to express something. It's trying to explore what's possible so that people can express their potential in a way that lifts the world up, and marvel in the adventure of life.

Interconnection IS an expression of potential, operating from that state is a higher level of evolution. That is a more evolved and conscious business leader.

So the audiences I am playing in:
- conscious business
- DDOs
- B-corps (? - the key idea here is purposefulness and service, not being a drain on humanity)
- small giants
- remote teams
- global citizens
- developmental environments / leaders
- sustainable products developers

So it's learning and awareness.

Fundamentally I am trying to express and bring into being more of these things:
- growth (learning)
- service
- interconnection / oneness
- light (love, truth, harmony)
- awareness in action

Can make things and teach people to:
- grow more, become better learners
- be more connected to the world and each other
- enjoy life in symbiosis with the planet
- serve humans AND planet together

So there are two big changes I want to the world of business: developmental environments and acting in accordance with interconnection (consciousness).

I think fundamentally this comes down to an expression of ONENESS / interconnection, and love.

Love is the fundamental truth. As is interconnection. And it's wanting to bring that ever more into the world of work, which is what shapes our world. I want to affect the hearts and minds of the world of business to see from this place and act accordingly.

Future of work: purposeful, right-sized (?: what is the way to say it's about greatness not scale?), developmental, interconnected, sustainable, remote

Phrasing the top level goal: to bring about an interconnected world bursting with expressed potential and wonderment.

To use work design and innovation to help people and planet flourish together.

It's a fundamental recognition of interconnection, of oneness. And love. Growth is a natural outflowing of love.

So that is the gist of what I'm trying to express. It shows up in creating DDO, small giant, B-corps (?), that act in accordance with interconnection and serve the whole and themselves intelligently. If you hurt the others you hurt yourself. That is a hard thing for business to get. It's playing the long game.

---

OK, awesome. So where would I like to start? That is the top level goal. That's clear now. So where would I like to begin? Recognizing that where I start now is a low-level goal, an experiment, and I'm totally willing to throw it out if it turns out there is a better way to get to where I'm trying to get to.

I'll start with managers of DDOs in LA / southern california.

Small giants companies in Southern California.

How do I want work to look?
- developmental environment
- purposeful
- remote (or allows for it so ppl can explore the world and have lifestyle flexibility)
- right-sized vs scale above all
- interconnected / conscious


DDO companies in Southern California

Wow, interesting. I just reconnected with my passion for environmental work. It's built on a recognition of oneness, of interconnection.

- help people be more truly connected to each other and the planet (we are part of the earth system)
- develop and express their potential
- in service of something greater than themselves


OK, no BS, what would that take? It would take awareness of interconnection. A desire to grow. Seeing how selfish desires are advanced / in harmony with larger desires (ie it's not zero sum, and I don't have to fight everyone off / win-win-win / seeing how benefitting environment and people benefits business).

Interesting that if I'm feeling disconnected from environmental work, then I've lost touch with interconnection. The fundamental sense of interconnection and connectivity with the world around me is what drives action, as an act of love.

Growth, interconnection, love. With those, the rest flow naturally I think.

OK, so another audience are the leaders of sustainability companies. eg the portfolio at LACI.

So this is one way that I express myself, and others may express themselves very differently.

OK, gonna get some coffee and come back and do L9 real quick then go to work. By the time I walk back down here, my subconscious / intuition is going to tell me which one to pick to start with (knowing it doesn't really matter, it's just a starting point, and I can always choose again).

---

OK, well I got a clear answer. While I can definitely use environmental work (eg sustainable product design, other regenerative related work) to do this, I'm going to start with the direct approach. Start with the direct approach to working with DDOs. I want to see more companies become DDO small giants, and alter the future of work. And if I can help build tools and software and products to help them get there, then fuck yeah.

Asset owner + coordinator are the architectures I like. Jobber and labor organizer not so much. I want to create assets that can have impact and not be tied to an hourly service model.

Work with managers of small giant / DDO companies, companies that seek to be great not huge, and that seek to be deliberately developmental. It's a different way of winning the "talent war." What if you can grow your own? And access great talent from all over the world? Hence, remote-friendly DDOs.

I'm getting a great set of lessons in RFDDOs from Seth & team. Interaction amongst the participants, helping each other, that's the biggest driver. Having that small group to work with.

I am working on how work works. The future of work.

I'm going to explore that. By day, I am working on interconnection and having sustainable products be a thing. Building sustainable products is awesome too, because you're helping people and planet get what they want. I think that's dope. Materials science and such is there also.

Yeah, what I most want is to change how people view work, what it is, how it is, and what it's for. Purposeful & developmental are the keys I think.

The environmental stuff is awesome, because it's helping people and planet thrive, and it's a good example of purposeful work. But that's just about the product and what it does. I am more interested in working on the underlying "business OS" that operates all of these things and shifting it so that more and more of these companies are building these kinds of products. I may build some more myself, but what I really want to do is cause effective leadership and change how people are viewing the world of business and work, what it's for.

Audience spaces:
- conscious business
- DDOs
- small giants
- social business / entrepreneurship
- L&D


Aside: I could also imagine future product ideas (so many ideas! I love being an entrepreneur!) that help people learn and grow. Learn specific skills, like language or cultural or programming skills. Skill development & service. Growth and service. I could imagine toolsets to help product designers make sustainable products.

OK, so how do I go test this out? What does ABT look like here? (ABT = always be testing)

